video id
7400180687111916846
video title
I love this green juice! 7 stalks of celery, 1 cucumber, 1 pear, small knob of ginger, small handful parsley, ceylon cinnamon! Organic when possible Juicer is the Nama J2. Use JENJONES10 at nama well
challenge
ocr
@thejenjones
asr
what is the one thing that martha stewart and jen jone have in common yes my name is jen jone not the don t forget the cinnamon girl this green juic that i make religi is the same green juic that martha stewart make she s 83 year old happen around everywher be a billionair and she say she swear by her green juic in the morn so i m go to show you how we make it to your nama j 2 juicer go to add celeri amaz for hydrat if you have ani skin ailment like eczema psoriasi celeri help to fight inflamm now a lot of peopl don t like the tast of it you know what i say to that grow up and drink it if you wanna age backward babi cucumb amaz for your skin health your gut health i m a pear girl high in vitamin c which we need for collagen product babi add some ginger to this juic she also know about the herb my favorit is parsley so that s what i use in my green juic she use orang i love to use a littl bit of lime close it up turn it on anti age in a glass and don t forget the cinnamon okay babi dft c dft c ceylon cinnamon onli
high quality text
@thejenjones.
What is the one thing that Martha Stewart and Jen Jones have in common?
Yes, my name is Jen Jones.
Not the.
Don't forget the Cinnamon Girl.
This green juice that I make religiously is the same green juice that Martha Stewart makes.
She's 83 years old.
Happen around everywhere, being a billionaire.
And she says she swears by her green juice in the morning.
So I'm going to show you how we make it to your Nama J2 juicer.
Going to add celery.
Amazing for hydration.
If you have any skin ailments like eczema, psoriasis, celery helps to fight inflammation.
Now, a lot of people don't like the taste of it.
You know what I say to that?
Grow up and drink it if you wanna age backwards.
Baby, cucumber.
Amazing for your skin health, your gut health.
I'm a pear girl.
High in vitamin C, which we need for collagen production.
Baby, add some ginger to this juice.
She also knows about the herbs.
My favorite is parsley, so that's what I use in my green juice.
She uses oranges.
I love to use a little bit of lime.
Close it up, turn it on anti aging in a glass.
And don't forget the cinnamon.
Okay, baby.
DFTC.
DFTC.
Ceylon cinnamon only.